Add FPM to requirements for building debs (#583)
syncthing/docs: dev/building.rst

-  The latest stable version of Go. Earlier releases may work, but we recommend
   always using the latest stable version. At the time of writing this is **Go 1.14**.
-  Git

> -  If you are building packages FPM is required, installation information
>    `here. <https://fpm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installing.html>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  If you want to build Debian packages using our scripts FPM is required, see their
   `installation information <https://fpm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installing.html>`__.
```

``go run build.go test``
  Runs the tests.

``go run build.go deb``

>   Creates a Syncthing deb installer in the current directory. Requires FPM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Creates a Debian package in the current directory. Requires FPM
```
